# Founding
The empire, founded by Karcynson(Son of Karcyn).<br>
Karcyn was a woman, head of an village just before the war of the gods. She found a orphan boy, and decided to raise him. He became known as Karcynson.<br>
The villagers used magic. The head of the village was the most powerful magic user of all. It was tradition to pass on the memories of the villagehead, to the new villagehead. This was an extensive magical endeavour in which the original villagehead died, and the memories were placed into the new one. The new villagehead was always an apprentice of the older villagehead. Every villagehead was a woman. <br>
This is where Karcynson was different, he assumed he would be the new villagehead. Until one day, Karcyn did take on a young female apprentice(Regina). Karcynson was outraged, and got into an argument. He became so jealous that he tried to kill Regina, after this he was banished from the village. Karcyn was heartbroken by these events.

He started practicing magic on his own. At the day of the memory transfer, Karcynson showed during the ritual and attacked everyone present. He had become an unstoppable force and mowed through the villagers like they were nothing. He hijacked the ritual and got all the knowledge from Karcyn. Karcyn on the brink of death forgave Karcynson and told him she understood. An high ranking villager(Verisitas) who helped in the ritual ran away with the Regina and a couple other villagers. The village had fallen apart and what was left was Karcynson, a man who had betrayed the ways of magic. 

Some gods were angry at Karcynson, and decided he should pay for his misuse of their gifted magic. One of them tried to strike Karcynson down, but instead Karcynson defeated this god. This event shook the celestial world, and the abyssal one felt empowered. This started the war of the gods. During this gods died, demons were slain. And the world was reshaped into few islands surrounded by the ice wall. Beyond the ice wall is not known. The islands were scattered with divine remains, which became divinium, and filled the ground and air with magical prowess.